#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via pytkdocs
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
click==8.0.3
    # via mkdocs
ghp-import==2.0.2
    # via mkdocs
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
markdown==3.3.6
    # via
    #   markdown-callouts
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-callouts==0.2.0
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocs-windmill
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.3.0
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
mkdocs-gen-files==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==7.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.3
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-windmill==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocstrings==0.16.2
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
mkdocstrings-crystal==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.3
    # via mkdocs
pygments==2.10.0
    # via mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==9.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via ghp-import
pytkdocs==0.12.0
    # via mkdocstrings
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   python-dateutil
watchdog==2.1.6
    # via mkdocs
wheel==0.37.0
    # via astunparse
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-metadata
